1. Tell me about yourself.
Good  morning/Afternoon  Sir/Ma'am, or  Happy morning/Afternoon  Sir/Ma'am,

First of all thank you for giving this wonderful or great opportunity to me to introduce my self in front of you.

My self  -------------(Your Name).

I basically belongs to respectable middle class family in ------ (City/Village Name).

At present I am pursuing final year B.Tech ECE/ME/CSE/EEE/CIVIL at ---------- (College Name ) in --------(College Place).

I am a quick learner and sincere person.

I am self motivated and flexible to adopt conditions.

I am always keep to learn new things whenever I get a chance.

Apart from studies I am very good and enthusiastic in the field of sports(-----). I am a player of Lawn Tennis and I have been associated with this game for the last five years. I have played many tennis tournaments and also won a few of them.

My hobbies are hearing music, Reading News paper, playing games and singing song.

We are five members in my family including me. or Come to My family: I have mother, Father and 2 sibling's .

My short term goal is I want to get a job in reputed company like yours.

My long term goal is I want to became a respectable position and part of success of that company.

Thank you for making me to speak about myself.

2. Why should I hire you?

As I am fresher, I don't have any experience. But I am willing to work for you in any kind of situation.
 I have ability to work with your organization and I can show my ability working with your organization. I will prove myself.

This is an opportunity to start a career that I definitely don't want to lose so I will give my cent percent to give my best.

or 

Sir, As you know I am a fresher I don't have any practical knowledge. But I am good at my theoretical knowledge.
 I am searching for a platform where I can prove myself by utilizing my knowledge, s
kills that are useful for the development of the organisation I am associated with.

3. What are your strengths and weaknesses?

1. I have a good communication skills and leadership qualities. I got my confidence from my experiences like
 I was able to manage the 1000 members with different mind sets in my tech fest as an organizer.

2. I can handle my self in difficult situations, can motivate the others.

3. I am punctual and very enthusiastic to learn new things.

4. I have a good quality of being positive, I can enjoy the comments (on me) and can make my surroundings happy with my sense of humour.
4. What is the difference between confidence and over confidence?
"Only" is the one word that changes the difference between confidence and overconfidence like I can do this work is confidence and I only can do this work 
is overconfidence.
or 
I am going to give my best in the interview to impress the panel, this is confidence.

The interviewer is definitely going to hire me, that's over-confidence.
5. What is the difference between hard work and smart work?
Hard work may give results but it takes much time.

Smart work will give optimum results with less work and with in less time. Because smart work is a intangible asset of genius.

Or

In simple words:

Hard work means work and then think.

Smart work means think and then work.


8. Can you work under pressure?
Sir,

I believe that if we love what we do, we never feel the pressure. And we must always be ready to face the upcoming challenges. So I think I can do well.
9. What are your goals?
My short term goal is to get placed in reputed organisation like yours and enhance my skills.

My long term goal is to give smile to my parents through my hard work, make them proud of me.
To be honest my aim of life is that I would like to see myself as a successful person at respectable position so for this right now my goal is to crack this interview and want to be part of your organization.

